It’s so unfair!
You told me I could go!
I told you you could go if you
got a "B" on your history exam,
which you didn’t.
I have a learning disability.
The letters jump around on
the page and appear backwards.
Honey, we had you tested,
like, six times. Trust me,
I was praying for dyslexia.
Oh, my God! Why can’t you
ever let me have any f–
[ Screams ]
Ew, ew! Dad, gross.
Your hand smells
like cheese.
I didn’t want to
dirty a knife. Sit.
We all know when
Nana Dede comes to visit
your mom can get a little–
Psycho?
Scary.
- Drunk?
- All true.
Therefore, I need you guys
to be on your best behavior.
Don’t worry.
I’ll keep to myself.
I have to practice
for my cello recital.
[ Groans ]
Oh, fine.
You know what? If it keeps
you out of your mom’s hair,
yes, do that.
Luke, if your mom starts to
lose it, I need you to lighten
the mood by being extra cute.
No problem. I’ve got
some stuff prepared.
"Hey, Mom, I’m ‘firsty’."
Huh? Adorable, right?
Yeah, that’s–
that’s good.
Don’t worry. It works
better in my jammies.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
[ Mitchell ]
Cam, Monica can’t come to Lily’s
birthday party this weekend.
Her mom’s gonna be
in Chicago.
Oh, that’s fantastic!
What part is she playing?
The city of Chicago.
Oh. Okay,
gun to your head.
Okay.
Which pair
should I wear?
Oh, gun to my head,
I’d say pull the trigger.
- What’s that supposed to mean?
- No Fizbo.
But why?
Cam– Cam, the center of
attention at Lily’s party...
should be Lily,
not Fizbo the needy clown.
I’m sorry. Excuse me.
Needy?
"Why aren’t they laughing,
Mitchell?
Why aren’t they clapping when
I’m pulling the handkerchief
out of my mouth?"
It’s 10 feet long with
boxer shorts at the end.
It works on so many levels.
Yeah. Well, also it’s
a princess theme party.
So, I guess you just don’t
respect party themes.
[ Gasps ]
You did not just say that.
- I’m sorry. That was–
That was crossing a line.
- Yes, it was.
So, can Fizbo
come to the party?
No, no.
You are Lily’s dad.
Just be there as her dad.
Are you implying I’m not
being a good dad now?
Well, if the shoe fits–
They don’t.
They’re comically large.
♪♪ [ Theme From Jaws ]
Hey, Mom, Dad and Nana
just pulled in.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
♪♪ [ Faster ]
♪♪ [ Ends ]
[ Screams ]
Oh, wow.
Claire Bear.
Oh, my sweet girl.
Gosh. I forget that
you’re all grown up.
Yeah.
You know, in my mind,
you’re still 12.
But look at us.
Just two old ladies.
[ Both Chuckle ]
Ohh.
We’re home.
Oh, good.
And we bought Lily
a beautiful birthday gift.
Yeah, I was pushing
for a cashmere throw.
Look, Jay, it’s
a talking storybook.
We’ll record ourselves
reading it...
and then at night
Lily can hear our voices
before she goes to sleep.
Terrible idea.
Unlike the timelessness
of cashmere.
Enough with the cashmere.
Why is it a terrible idea?
Don’t you remember
the answering machine message?
Hi, you’ve reached Jay–
And Gloria.
Please leave a message
after the–
You didn’t say "beep."
If I say beep, then the people
will think it’s the beep.
No, I think they’re gonna know
to wait for the actual beep.
I don’t think they’ll know.
Just trust me.
Okay, fine.
Hi, you’ve reached Jay–
And Gloria.
Please leave a message
after the "beeeeeep."
What was that?
You told me to make the beep.
No, I didn’t tell you
to make the beep. I told you
to say the word "beep."
If I say the word,
then people think it’s the beep.
It’s not the beep!
Then why even say it?
[ Beeps ]
So, anyways,
you’ll never guess
who I saw at the airport.
Mmm, who’s that?
Robbie Sullivan.
Robbie– My Robbie Sullivan
from high school?
God, I haven’t
seen him in years.
Decades, really.
I always liked him.
And, as I recall,
the two of you couldn’t keep
your hands off each other.
Oh, really, Mom?
That’s not true.
It is true.
I read it in your diary.
You read my diary.
Well, yeah.
I– I read it because
I wanted to see
if you were on drugs.
It’s called parenting,
Claire.
Mm-hmm.
So, Mom, what’s
going on with Chaz.
Okay, buddy, we’re gonna
need you on the front lines
sooner than expected.
You ready to be cute?
Please.
Go get ’em.
Hi, Mommy.
My tummy’s growling.
Can I have
some "pas-ghetti"?
Sweetie, you’re hurting me.
And take a shower tonight.
Your hair smells like cheese.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
I’ll get it.
Okay, I need a giant lollipop,
and I need it now.
Oh, there’s my girl.
Oh, my God.
Robbie?
Look at you.
Surprise!
I invited him to dinner.
What?
Didn’t I tell you
she’d be excited? Huh?
I– Uh-huh.
I don’t know what to say.
Well, maybe a Fuzzy Navel
wine cooler will loosen you up.
[ Chuckles ]
It sure used to.
Oh.
[ Phil ]
Hey, honey, who’s this?
This is, um, Robbie,
my boyfriend
from when I was 17 years old,
whom my mom invited to dinner.
- Fasten your seat belts.
Phil Dunphy.
- Phil, how do you know Claire?
I know Claire from
being married to Claire.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Uh, wait a minute, uh–
Mom didn’t mention that
I’m married with three kids?
No. All she said was that
you were still trying to
figure out your life.
Really?
[ Robbie ]
Yeah.
Okay. Mom?
Dede?
- Aren’t we all?
- Uh, no. Not really.
Why would you not mention
that I’m married?
Oh, God, Claire.
Not everything in
a conversation is about you.
Mom, I could use some
help in the kitchen.
Your words, not mine.
[ Chuckles ]
Whoa. You came here
in a limo?
Yep, that’s right,
little dude.
Are you rich?
Luke, that’s not polite.
Maybe Robbie isn’t rich,
but he needs a limo because
he has a lot of D.U.I.’s.
No, it’s nothing like that.
The truth is, little guy,
I am rich. But not with money.
I’ve got my abs,
I’ve got my hair,
and I’ve got a super sweet job
driving that limo outside.
Cool.
It is cool.
Hey, Luke, who’s taller,
me or your dad?
Oh, I don’t think
we need to–
I am just wearing
socks, buddy.
I just don’t understand why
you invited him to my house.
Because he’s an old friend.
What was I gonna do,
not invite him?
Yes. Yes.
Sweetheart,
I don’t know about you,
but that is not the way
I was raised.
You raised me.
You’re overthinking this.
Mm-hmm.
I was thinking
that it might be a hoot
for you to see him again.
And did you think it might
be a hoot to ask me first?
No. If I’d asked you,
you would have said no.
Of course, Mom.
Of course I would
have said no.
Oh, and I’m the bad guy?
Honestly, Claire, I wish
I had a tape recorder.
"Once upon a time,
there lived a family of bears.
There was Papa Bear"–
That’s you, Jay.
Ah, okay.
Let’s see.
Do you want me to hold it
and stand in the driveway?
"Holy mackerel,
this is good salmon."
I feel like they
missed an opportun–
Shh.
[ Deep Voice ]
"I don’t want to
eat the fish.
They are my friends."
What kind of voice
is that?
I am a bear.
A bear? I was gonna
get a crucifix.
"And then the baby bear said"–
"Good night, Mama.
Good night, Papa.
This has been
the best day ever."
"And after she kissed her
parents good night,
she drifted off to sleep.
The end."
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
She?
Baby Bear’s a girl?
We have to do it over.
- I would’ve played it
totally different.
- I think you nailed it.
And what’s that
supposed to mean?
Manny, you’re fine.
But, Jay, I need to
tell you something.
It’s a bear, Gloria.
I did the best I could.
No. I don’t want you to get
upset about this, but I’m
not going to the party.
What?
Yeah. It’s because your ex-wife
is going to be there.
And we’re never good together.
I’m feeling very nervous.
It’s better that I stay here.
Wow. I– I don’t
know what to say.
Greatest news ever!
So you’re okay with this?
Well, I wouldn’t say I’m
okay with it, but I get it.
I feel like I’m in the same boat
with your friend’s daughter’s
first communion coming up.
I always felt like
the husband never liked me.
Maybe you’re right.
I should probably skip it.
Wait, wait, wait.
So Robbie Sullivan’s
at your house right now?
[ Claire ]
Yes. He is having dinner...
with my family.
And let me tell you something,
this chick was fat, okay?
Every time he opens his mouth,
I can feel my daughters
losing respect for me.
You know, I never
liked that guy.
He used to always put me
in a headlock. It is amazing
the freaks we used to date.
[ British Accent ]
Hello, governor.
I gotta jump.
[ Beeps ]
All right,
let’s hear it.
Sir Fizbolot,
royal court jester,
at your service.
I understand there’s
a little princess who’s
in need of a jolly good time.
No!
[ Sighs ]
Your Highness said
the clown doesn’t fit
the princess theme,
but me thinks
that a court jester
is right as rain.
There goes the theory
that an English accent
makes everyone sound smart.
Oh, come on.
It’s gonna be a boring party
without any entertainment.
I agree. Which is why
I hired a princess.
Cue the gasp.
[ Gasps ]
How could you do that?
How dare you?
Entertaining and
delighting children
is who I am.
- Be a parent.
- But I wanna–
Go. Now.
I wanna–
Uh–
Stop.
I was thinking about
what you said and maybe
I should go to the party.
What’d I say?
I didn’t say anything.
About Maria Victoria’s
first communion.
We cannot let other people
make us miss important
family events.
What, I’m gonna miss Alex’s
graduation, all of Haley’s
weddings just because of Dede?
I love them.
They’re my family too.
Whoa, whoa. Slow down.
You’re up to weddings already?
How-How about this?
Try missing tomorrow
and then just– just see
how that feels.
Ay, Jay,
you’re so good to me.
That’s why I have to go.
You’re gonna be there
for me,
the same way I’m gonna be there
for you at Maria Victoria’s
first communion.
Wait a minute,
that’s back on the table?
Well, you know, we didn’t
want to break curfew.
[ Dede ] Curfew?
Oh, right,
as if you two ever
honored a curfew.
I love your stories, Nana.
Keep on going.
Your father used to
scare the crap out of me.
Mm-hmm.
[ Dede ]
Well, evidently,
not enough to keep you
from sneaking in
at 3:00 in the morning.
I didn’t know
whether to punish you
or make you pancakes.
Hey! [ Chuckles ]
[ Phil ] Halfway through dinner,
I told Claire...
that whenever she had the urge
to lash out at her mother,
she should just
squeeze my hand instead.
A doctor had to cut off
my wedding ring.
Claire, you remember
that time we cut school
and we went out to the pier–
Mm-hmm.
and we played that game
and you won the, uh–
Giant panda bear.
The panda bear,
right.
- Yeah. Yes.
- Yeah.
Do you remember
what we did after that?
Yes.
Hey, do you still
like roller coasters?
Not this one.
I know Robbie
was a rogue,
but he could charm
your socks off.
Although I doubt
he stopped there.
[ Laughing ]
- Wow, Mom.
- Mom.
We’re all adults here,
honey. Pretty much.
Okay, I think we’re–
we’re done.
Yeah, well,
I better get going.
I’ve got an early morning run,
celebrity client.
Don’t ask me who.
Let’s just say that if I’m late,
I’ll be in "jeopardy."
- Who is Alex Trebek?
- Uh, he’s a game show host.
Why?
No reason.
Claire.
Yes?
This was incredible.
Thanks a lot.
So great.
It was great.
So good to see you.
I know.
Catching up was so fun.
You look so good.
Hey, you–
you take good care.
You take good care now.
Yes.
Oh, let’s do it.
Let’s do that.
[ Chuckles ]
I’ll walk you out.
Bye.
- Really, Mom?
- I was young.
I thought he was sexy.
Go to your room.
Okay.
I did it.
She brought all the crazy in
her arsenal and I did not crack.
I think a bone
in my hand did.
Oh, honey. I’m sorry.
I’m sorry.
You know what hurt more?
What?
I used to think
your mother loved me.
Apparently she always
wished you’d married Robbie.
Oh, no, sweetie.
This was all about her
trying to annoy me.
Come on,
she’s practically walking
you two down the aisle.
Oh, he left his phone.
All those Mother’s Day cards
I sent her.
All those joke e-mails
she forwarded to me months
after I’d already seen ’em.
Well, no more polite L.O.L.’s
for you, Dede.
[ Both ]
Oh!
Holy cow. Wow.
Okay. Well, you were right.
It’s not about me.
Oh, God.
Really? You are a princess.
Stop eyeing the princess.
You’re gonna freak her out.
I don’t know. I think the whole
idea of needing a prince
to come along...
and make you happy sends
the wrong message, Mitchell–
I really do.
Really? And a grown man
pulling boxer shorts
out of his mouth doesn’t?
I’m–
Hey.
Hi, hi.
Hi. Hi, sweetie.
Hey, Phil.
Jay.
So, where is she?
Where’s Mom?
Yeah, let’s get
the weirdness over with.
I thought she was
coming with you.
Oh, no, no.
I haven’t seen Mom since–
Let’s see–
- Oh, she made out with
my ex-boyfriend last night.
- What?
Yeah.
No, my God.
Yeah, yeah. And then
she took off with him,
didn’t come back to the house
until after I was asleep.
And then this morning left
a cute little note that said,
"Having breakfast with Robbie."
What the hell is she doing?
He’s half her age.
Don’t say it.
I think it’s sweet.
Love is beautiful.
It has no age.
When it’s meant to be,
it’s meant to be.
That is the question.
Dad, what’s going on
over there?
She was a little nervous
about your mother being here,
so she tried her first Xanax,
washed it down with a shot
of tequila.
Ay, look at the princess.
It’s so beautiful.
Really?
’Cause I don’t see it.
Excuse me.
[ Gasps ]
There’s the birthday girl.
Glitter?
That’ll settle in her lungs.
So I wanted to ask what method
of payment you prefer?
Cash, credit card, check?
Why, princesses don’t get paid,
except maybe in laughter
and sparkles.
That’s nice.
But I really need to know.
All I ask is that a little
girl’s birthday wishes–
♪ Come true ♪
Miss, seriously, if you
wanna get paid, I need–
Fine.
You can make the check out
to Party Stars, Incorporated.
Never break character!
Never ever!
But–
But nothing!
When I was a clown,
my shoe caught on fire,
and one of my fellow clowns
put me out with a bucket
of flammable confetti.
- What’s happening?
- Even as they loaded me
into the ambulance,
I continued to make
balloon animals.
- Flammable confetti?
- There was a seltzer bottle
right there!
Oh, hi.
I cannot believe it.
She brought him
to the party.
Oh, my God.
I’m gonna kill her. I’m–
Stop. No, not– not now.
The last thing I need is
some big scene, Claire.
You know she’s doing this
just to torture me.
No. She’s doing this
to get back at me because
I didn’t let her stay with us.
You’re both wrong.
It’s about me.
I got the young girl,
she had to get the young guy.
Well, she and I are good.
We had a long talk
last night after you and I
"split" that bottle of wine...
and you "fell asleep"
on the stairs.
I don’t know why everybody’s
getting so upset about this.
Maybe it’s about passion,
about what the body wants.
What the– What the heart
wants for the heart.
Dad, seriously, can you
deal with Cheech and Chong.
Hi, everyone.
Jay, Gloria.
Ah, buenos días, Dede.
Mi amor bello, ¿cómo estás?
Ah, Gloria, come on.
Let’s sit down.
Hi, Mom. Hi.
Hello, Mitchell.
Thank you for coming.
Oh, you remember Robbie.
Yes, I do. Yes. Hi.
Oh, that’s Lily.
Oh, I guess
you’re trying to keep
the outfit I sent her clean.
So, Robbie, it looks like
the years have been
treating you good, huh?
Hey. What’s up, Red?
Ohh.
I love this guy.
Remember we used to wrestle
around all the time?
Please stop.
Is my baby watching?
Good to see you, man.
I need to– I need to talk to
you for a second. Let me just–
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
ask you a little something–
What are you doing
with my mother?
Hey, I’ve got a code.
What happens in the limo,
stays in the limo.
She’s my mother!
Look, I know this
is all a little freaky,
but I had a crush
on your mother
back in high school.
And it’s always been
kind of a fantasy for me.
Ew! You were dating me and
fantasizing about my mother?
Oh, boy.
What?
I think we both know what
this is really all about.
Uh, no.
You still want me.
Oh, my God.
Are you insane?
Oh, what’s going on here,
you two?
You are. You’re insane.
Claire still wants me.
No. Don’t.
Oh, I should’ve
seen this coming.
Oh, really?
One minute she sees I’m
happy, and she swoops in–
Didn’t swoop!
I didn’t swoop!
If anybody swooped, it was you!
Claire. Claire.
You swooped!
Not now. Not now. Not now.
No, stop, please.
She accused me
of trying to steal
my old boyfriend from her.
Okay, fine.
But make it quick.
[ Sighs ]
Why does everything have
to be so hard with you?
Why can’t you just be
a normal, old grandma?
You come in here–
It’s some sort of sick game
for you...
to just push people
and push people
and push people...
and see how far you can push
them, until finally, look at me,
you win! You win!
I’m screaming at
a princess party, Mom!
Claire.
I’m screaming at
a princess party.
Claire, Claire.
Claire, Claire,
Robbie, I think maybe,
you know, you should take off.
Yeah, yeah.
Look, I hear you, Phil.
Uh, but between you and me,
I’m getting some serious vibes
from the princess over here,
and I’d kinda
like to play that out.
Oh.
Hey, time to go.
Hey, Mr. P.
How ya been?
I’m doing good. But I never
liked you in the basement
with my daughter,
and I don’t like you here
with my ex.
You know, your little
intimidation game may have
worked on me when I was a kid,
but I’m a full grown man now...
and I think I should go.
So much for keeping it
all about Lily.
Well, yeah, and I
certainly didn’t help...
by berating that perfectly
sweet journeyman princess
like I did.
God, look at this place.
Everybody’s traumatized.
We need somebody to pump
some life back into this party.
I got this.
I’ll go in and turn on some
music, bring out the cupcakes,
pump up the bubble machine.
Or–
Is that a roundabout way
of saying a certain clown
can come to the party?
I was wrong.
Every kid wants
a clown for a dad.
Oh! You just made
a little girl very happy.
Yes. Well, I can see that.
You okay?
I’m fine.
I will be fine.
’Cause you know Claire gets
stressed out. That stuff
she said out there–
Was all true.
Yeah.
I don’t know what
I was thinking with him.
I feel like such a fool.
You got flattered by the
attention of a younger guy and
you got a little carried away.
So what?
It’s not that.
It’s– I divorced you because I
was looking for something else.
I haven’t found it.
But when I come back here,
I feel like I have to
prove something,
like people are
looking at me saying,
"You broke up the family.
What do you have to
show for it?"
You did the right thing.
We were stalled. I didn’t
have the guts to end it.
That’s because
you’re a decent man.
And that doesn’t
make it any easier.
I just don’t want to be
thought of as "Crazy Nana."
That’s not really who I am.
I think, more than anything
else, my real problem is...
her!
Huh?
No, Dede!
[ Gloria ]
¡Ay! ¿Qué pasa?
- So maybe it isn’t about me.
- Or me.
I told you it was about me.
I got Gloria!
[ Gloria ]
"And then Papa Bear said"–
[ Jay ]
"Baby and I are going fishing."
This is such
a precious gift.
I know.
I can’t believe my dad
sat down and did this.
Keep going.
[ Gloria ]
Jay, pay attention.
It’s your line.
[ Jay ]
I just had a damn line.
Manny, freshen this up for me.
[ Ice Cubes Clinking ]
[ Gloria ] No. No more drinks
until we finish this.
[ Jay ] Who cares? Cam’s just
gonna return it anyway.
Cue gasp.
[ Gasps ]